Faction Name: Summa Amagi

Esthetic: Steampunk, Piracy & Norse
Horribly worn steampunk, with pirate flags and viking patterns. They try to add details that make their vessels look like "dragons".

Ideology: Democracy, Mercantilism & Self-Actuation
Rag-tag bunch of misfits that believe in freedom. They rule themselves through democracy, all citizens can vote and partake. Uniquely; all you need to be a citizen is to be able to communicate that you wish to be a citizen, without anyone pressuring you or pushing a button. So toasters and fridges are also citizens, and have citizen rights. 

If you modify yourself so heavyly that not a single atom of your original body is left, you night be asked to take the citizen test again. There are no public schools, its the right and privilidge of each individual, biological or mechanical to evolve and better themselves.

Slogan:
Give me freedom, and give the other guy death!
Your stuff? Me and my 7 Cannons gives 8 votes against yours.

History:
In 3512 twelve space pirate clans merged and joined a multi-system rebellion, to help the citizens of Utohelia greak free from their from the alien tyrants that ruled them. 3 of the space commodores survived, and brought the larger union to victory. In the den of the Evil Enemy Oppressor, they found historical data from over 30000 years of tyrany.

Unable to transform the data into the format that could be moved or copied they invited leaders and scholars from the former rebellion to study the old data and learn from them, to never let it happen again. A larger union formed from this, one adamant that anyone who could ask for freedom should be given it. They called themselves Total Freedom in the old tongues.

Interaction:
The Amagi do not shy away from piracy or raiding anyone not in their faction, so that is how most know them. They typically also offer aid to any rebellions ongoing or brewing. People from outside are amazed at the complex honor system they keep track of, internally they don't notice it, it just works.

Leader:
President Rosa "No Surrender" Colton
Front-row fighter in 7 Rebellions so far. Won by a landslide using charms, poetic and careful language, and in one viral instance Axe-kicking her opponent in the face after an insult.